FAQ: How can I see the tx history? (#71)
joinmarket-webui/jamdocs: docs/FAQ.md

!!! warning
    Be aware of the privacy and/or additional cost trade-offs.

### How can I see the transaction history?

Jam does not display a transaction history, as the JoinMarket RPC currently does not support it.

To see the transaction history of a wallet, the JoinMarket `wallet-tool` can be used, using the command line.

> More info [here](https://github.com/JoinMarket-Org/joinmarket-clientserver/blob/v0.9.11/docs/USAGE.md#wallet-history).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find [more info in the JoinMarket documentation](https://github.com/JoinMarket-Org/joinmarket-clientserver/blob/v0.9.11/docs/USAGE.md#wallet-history).
```
